README.md, before:

# Edraake Store
This project implements a simple clothing store called the Happy Store. The website is a simple e-commerce website that allows admins to create products and classify them into categories. And it allows customers to make orders.

# Table of contents
* [Project Setup](#project-setup)
* [Project Requirements](#project-requirements)
* [Database Schema](#database-schema)
* [Demo](#demo)


## Project Setup

In this section, the key points about technologies used in the project are mentioned, along with how the project can be run.

### Technologies and Dependencies

* Project is created with:
  * Laravel: v9. 
  * OS: Windows Version " Enterprise 64-bit " by XAMPP V8.1.6. 
  * Bootstrap: v5.2.2.
  * Laravel Breeze: v1.14.2.

### Installing & Executing program

* How to run your project on a local environment
* Use Step-by-step bullets to list the steps, and code block for commands, for example: 
```
$ cd edraake_store # this is the project folder you downloaded
$ npm install
$ npm run dev
$ composer install
$ php artisan migrate
$ php artisan db:seed
$ php artisan serve
```

## Project Requirements
In this section, a list of all the requirements/features of the project are presented.
Put an X between the brackets for each feature that has been developed and tested by you.

### Admin:
- [x] An Admin account should be created by the developer.
- [x] The admin should be able to log into the website.
- [x] The logged-in admin should be able to create, list, update, and delete different product categories and subcategories.
- [x] The logged-in admin should be able to create, list, update, and delete different products.
- [x] The logged-in admin should be able to see a list of customer orders.
- [x] The logged-in admin should be able to view the details of customer orders.
- [x] The logged-in admin should be able to update any order’s status.
- [x] The logged-in admin should be able to log out of the website.


### Customer:
- [x] The customer should be able to see a list of products on the website.
- [x] The customer should be able to search for products by name.
- [x] The customer should be able to filter products.
- [x] The customer should be able to view a specific product’s details.
- [x] The customer should be able to register an account on the website.
- [x] The customer should be able to log into their account on the website.
- [x] The logged-in customer should be able to add a product to their shopping cart.
- [x] The logged-in customer should be able to view the products added to their cart.
- [x] The logged-in customer should be able to remove a product that was added to their shopping cart.
- [X] The logged-in customer should be able to complete their order by entering their shipping information and confirming their order.
- [X] The logged-in customer should be able to view a list of their orders and their statuses.
- [X] The logged-in customer should be able to view the details of their orders.
- [x] The logged-in customer should be able to log out of the website.

## Database Schema

![schema](https://github.com/NadiaSalah/Edraak-Store/blob/master/project_design/db_schema/edraake_store.jpg)
## Demo 

[https://youtu.be/xxxxxxxx-go](https://youtu.be/xxxxxxxx-go)

Commit message:

update order add recommended & popular

README.md, after:

# Edraake Store
This project implements a simple clothing store called the Happy Store. The website is a simple e-commerce website that allows admins to create products and classify them into categories. And it allows customers to make orders.

# Table of contents
* [Project Setup](#project-setup)
* [Project Requirements](#project-requirements)
* [Database Schema](#database-schema)
* [Demo](#demo)


## Project Setup

In this section, the key points about technologies used in the project are mentioned, along with how the project can be run.

### Technologies and Dependencies

* Project is created with:
  * Laravel: v9. 
  * OS: Windows Version " Enterprise 64-bit " by XAMPP V8.1.6. 
  * Bootstrap: v5.2.2.
  * Laravel Breeze: v1.14.2.

### Installing & Executing program

* How to run your project on a local environment
* Use Step-by-step bullets to list the steps, and code block for commands, for example: 
```
$ cd edraake_store # this is the project folder you downloaded
$ npm install
$ npm run dev
$ composer install
$ php artisan migrate
$ php artisan db:seed
$ php artisan serve
```

## Project Requirements
In this section, a list of all the requirements/features of the project are presented.
Put an X between the brackets for each feature that has been developed and tested by you.

### Admin:
- [x] An Admin account should be created by the developer.
- [x] The admin should be able to log into the website.
- [x] The admin cab be able to list the orders in month.
- [x] The admin cab be able to list the most popular products.
- [x] The admin cab be able to list/delete the products alerts written by customers.
- [x] The logged-in admin should be able to create, list, update, and delete different product categories and subcategories.
- [x] The logged-in admin should be able to create, list, update, and delete different products.
- [x] The logged-in admin should be able to see a list of customer orders.
- [x] The logged-in admin should be able to view the details of customer orders.
- [x] The logged-in admin should be able to update any order’s status.
- [x] The logged-in admin should be able to log out of the website.


### Customer:
- [x] The customer should be able to see a list of products on the website.
- [x] The customer should be able to search for products by name.
- [x] The customer should be able to filter products.
- [x] The customer should be able to view a specific product’s details.
- [x] The customer should be able to register an account on the website.
- [x] The customer should be able to log into their account on the website.
- [x] The customer can be able to see his recommended Products.
- [x] The customer can be able to creat Alert for a product.
- [x] The logged-in customer should be able to add a product to their shopping cart.
- [x] The logged-in customer should be able to view the products added to their cart.
- [x] The logged-in customer should be able to remove a product that was added to their shopping cart.
- [X] The logged-in customer should be able to complete their order by entering their shipping information and confirming their order.
- [X] The logged-in customer should be able to view a list of their orders and their statuses.
- [X] The logged-in customer should be able to view the details of their orders.
- [x] The logged-in customer should be able to log out of the website.

## Database Schema

![schema](https://github.com/NadiaSalah/Edraak-Store/blob/master/project_design/db_schema/edraake_store.jpg)
## Demo 

[https://youtu.be/xxxxxxxx-go](https://youtu.be/xxxxxxxx-go)
